doc: add doc about dslx (#8)
alauda/alb: README.md

### `Frontend` and `Rule`

Complex traffic matching and distribution patterns can be configured by `Frontend` and `Rule`.

> [syntax of rule's dslx](./docs/rules.md)

Reviewer: Need an empty line between sentences

Author: ok

spec:
  backendProtocol: ""                       # as same as Frontend
  certificate_name: ""                      # as same as Frontend

>   dslx:                                     # this rule match url start with /app-a or /app-b and method is post,and url param's group is vip, and host is *.app.com, and header's location is east-1 or east-2 and has a cookie name is uid,and source ip come from 1.1.1.1-1.1.1.100

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dslx:                                     # this rule matches url starts with /app-a or /app-b and method is post,and url param's group is vip, and host is *.app.com, and header's location is east-1 or east-2 and has a cookie name is uid, and source IPs come from 1.1.1.1-1.1.1.100
```

### Gateway API

> ALB supports GatewayApi(v0.6.2) out of box, just set the `gatewayClassName` to `exclusive-gateway` when creating gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALB supports GatewayAPI(v0.6.2) out of box, just set the `gatewayClassName` to `exclusive-gateway` when creating gateways. GatewayAPI 1.0 support is on the way.
```
